.TH dl 3 ${VERSION}

.SH NAME

.PP
dl - directory lister

.SH SYNOPSIS

.PP
\fBdl\fR [\fIOPTION\fR | \fIPATH\fR]...

.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
Lists the contents of directories given its PATH(s). If no path is provided, the current directory is considered.

.PP
For each entry in a directory, it shows:

.TP
.IP \\[bu]
Its group and user.

.TP
.IP \\[bu]
Its last modified date.

.TP
.IP \\[bu]
Its size in a human-readable unit: terabyte (TB), gigabyte (GB), megabyte (MB), kilobyte (kB) or byte (B).

.TP
.IP \\[bu]
Its read (r), write (w), execute (x) and lack (-) permissions for user, group and others, respectively, and its representation in octal base.

.TP
.IP \\[bu]
An icon or, in case of output redirection/pipping, a letter representing its type: directory (d), regular (r), symlink (l), block device (b), character device (c), fifo (f) or socket (s).

.TP
.IP \\[bu]
Its name. If it is a symlink, it also contains the path it points to.

.SH SOURCE CODE

.PP
Its source code is available at <\fIhttps://github.com/skippyr/dl\fR>.

.SH HELP

.PP
If you need help related to this project, open a new issue in its issues pages (\fIhttps://github.com/skippyr/dl/issues\fR) or send me an e-mail (\fImailto:skippyr.developer@gmail.com\fR) describing what is going on.

.SH CONTRIBUTING

.PP
This project is open to review and possibly accept contributions, specially fixes and suggestions. If you are interested, send your contribution to its pull requests page (\fIhttps://github.com/skippyr/dl/pulls\fR) or to my e-mail (\fImailto:skippyr.developer@gmail.com\fR).

.PP
By contributing to this project, you agree to license your work under the same license that the project uses.

.SH LICENSE

.PP
This is free software licensed under the BSD-3-Clause License that comes WITH NO WARRANTY. Refer to the LICENSE file that comes in its source code for license and copyright details.
